Allow backspace to delete a char when inside leftmost token (#1768)
BetterThanTomorrow/calva: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - [Fix a problem when using paredit backspace on the leftmost token](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/calva/pull/1768)

Reviewer: We try to keep it at least one issue per PR.

```suggestion
- Fix: [Paredit strict backspace in the leftmost symbol/keyword/thing inserts a space instead](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/calva/pull/1771)
```
